Welcome to the REDi (`Resilient Design for the Next Generation of Buildings <https://www.redi.arup.com>`_) seismic engine documentation developed at `ARUP <https://www.arup.com>`_. This documentation provides an overview of the code and features within the `REDi GitHub <https://github.com/arup-group/REDi>`_ repository and PyREDi, the official Python package of REDi.

REDi introduces a comprehensive resilience-based earthquake design framework for holistic “beyond-code” design, planning, and assessment. While the building code provides reassurance that loss of life will be minimal, REDi focuses on quantifying the indirect losses due to downtime, or the inability of people to return to their homes or their jobs after a disaster. This empowers researchers and practitioners to incorporate resilience-based earthquake design into their projects, achieving much higher performance of their buildings than if they were to follow basic building code guidelines. 

Specifically, REDi can be employed to quantify the resilience and performance of an earthquake-damaged building by estimating the realistic downtime that considers impeding factors such as inspection delays, financing delays, and long-lead times for repair material procurement. The results from REDi can be employed to assess how design changes impact post-disaster recovery in new construction, and to plan for the recovery of existing buildings to potential future disasters.  

Our goals of making REDi opensource are to foster a collaborative environment and to reduce the effort required for implementation of REDi into your workflow. Our hope is that researchers and practitioners will adopt, improve on, and contribute to the REDi codebase for the greater good of the recovery and resilience community. 
